hi guys and welcome to this look
inspired by Taylor Momsen look in the
Pretty Reckless is new video for their
song heaven knows start by popping your
hair back and then putting on some
primer I'm using the Urban Decay primer
potion it helps your shadows the same
place a bit longer and for them to look
a little bit more vibrant as well
they're going to take half-baked from
the Urban Decay Naked palette and apply
that all over my lids
gonna go quite far up not touching the
brow but going higher than I usually
would higher than the crease and then
apply it to the other eye as well you
can use any brush for this really you
just need to get a wash of shadow then
take snakebites from the Naked 2 palette
and blend this into your crease Taylor
has a really defined crease in the video
and that's what we want to achieve here
that depth of the shadow so apply it
into both creases blend really well and
don't be afraid to go above as well then
take black outs and apply on an angled
brush just very close to the lash line
on the upper lid and don't go all the
way to the inner corner and then just a
tickle slightly along the bottom as well
and then what I did was I popped a
little bit of black eyeliner on to just
bridge the gap as well on the other eye
again I just kept it very close to the
lash line try to take a little longer
bottom there too and then curled my
lashes and popped on some mascara I
decided to only apply the mascara to the
top lids because tailors look from what
I could see was quite top-heavy in the
video it was slightly difficult to see
though because there's quite dark video
then fill in your brows Taylor's brows
and lovely and full in the video I'm
gonna use my Smashbox blonde eyeshadow
kit to match my hair
I then popped on my moisturizer my
simple kind of skin hydrating light
moisturizer and then some of my green
concealer from natural collection and
blended that into the skin then used my
benefit Porefessional to make sure that
my pores were unpurified because i'm
going to be using mineral makeup I've
got my Bobbi Brown mineral makeup powder
I buff that into my skin and all over
and I also have lift it into my neck as
well I then took gosh
darling lipstick Taylor has nude lips in
the video I applied it all over and then
I just used my finger to gently dab it
as well I didn't want it to be too much
then I popped on a very light gloss and
Taylor's lips are really glossy in the
video so I wanted to match that look and
there we have it I just took my hair out
little really moody there try as you
moody girl and there we have it I hope
you enjoyed the look thanks for watching
don't forget to subscribe and I'll see
you very soon